updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#15810)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/performance/caching-in-net-framework-applications.md

## Caching in WCF REST Services  
 For WCF REST services, the .NET Framework enables you to take advantage of the declarative output caching that is available in ASP.NET. This enables you to cache responses from your WCF REST service operations. When a user sends an HTTP GET request to a service that is configured for caching, ASP.NET sends back the cached response, and the service method is not called. After the cache expires, the next time that a user sends an HTTP GET request, your service method is called and the response is again cached.  
  

>  The .NET Framework also enables you to implement conditional HTTP GET caching. In REST scenarios, a conditional HTTP GET request is often used by services to implement intelligent HTTP caching as described in the [HTTP Specification](https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616.html). For more information, see [Caching Support for WCF Web HTTP Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/ee230443(v=vs.100)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The .NET Framework also enables you to implement conditional HTTP GET caching. In REST scenarios, a conditional HTTP GET request is often used by services to implement intelligent HTTP caching as described in the [HTTP Specification](https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616.html). For more information, see [Caching Support for WCF Web HTTP Services](../wcf/feature-details/caching-support-for-wcf-web-http-services.md).  
```
